a threat from the sky often heard but
rarely seen in Gaza Israeli drones
Circle above people's heads Around the
Clock fitted with cameras they provide
surveillance intelligence to Israel's
military and so-called quadcopters are
also used in a deadlier
fashion the Israeli quadcopters do not
only instill fear among our children but
they also fire bullets and missiles
Direct on us on numerous occasions women
and children are killed inside their
tents by these drones they are very
dangerous especially when they've been
hovering very low overhead for days
without
interruption Witnesses have reported
them playing sound recordings to you at
people out of hiding and onto the
streets where they are vulnerable to
attack the Israeli forces use drones in
unethical ways the drones emulate a
crying baby or barking dog
so you come out to see what is going on
then you are hunted and killed by these
drones investigations conducted by
Rights group orid found Israel uses
these quat corters mostly against
unarmed civilians and shelters hospitals
and densely populated
areas on February the 29th crowds formed
as people waited for the arrival of at
TR attack drones were among the weapons
that opened fire on them killing around
112 people in what became known as the
flower massacre in June Witnesses say
drones were involved in the killing of
at least
276 Palestinians in anarat refugee
camp drones create passive reactions
linked to the scenes of killing and
blood especially as they don't only
carry out Recon operations but also fire
to kill so they've become stimuli of
horror killing and tragedy
above all drones with their noise play a
form of psychological manipulation which
are ultimately a form of torture over
victims every drone circling above is a
threat for the lives of people here and
the sound is a clear reminder that they
are being watched With No One Is Safe
psychologists say that this fear of an
eminent threat without any chance to
escape can create severe anxiety and
hearing drones with no wrist bite is T
to am Mount to torture that can damage
People's Health in the long term tum Al
jaaz Dar bah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer